What are you doing here?
Hey! Why are you walking okay?
What is this? Lintang, you
Is this king not dead yet?
You will die sooner or later
I'm afraid I'll cry when the time comes
Schedule it
Schedule! Yu Ling Luo
You! Don’t be angry
You said you were so angry
I really promise that I can’t line up.
How can we become a new California then?
you're right
I regret it now
I decide now
Even if you cure me a lot,
I am not prepared to be reasonable with you either.
Why are you like this? What's wrong?
I tell you
This is a memory arranged by the emperor
This is the biggest arrangement arranged by the emperor
And I feel now
Be with you forever
Couples are also good
Who wants to be your husband and wife for the rest of their lives? They are arrogant and incompetent.
It’s the so-called woman’s life
You said you were arrogant, I admit it
You said I can’t do this?
Then I'll show you now
can i do it
Tell you not to be a strong person
No, no, no
What is this for?
What are these?
This is called the Medicine Moon
There are many things inside
where did you go
You shouldn't stay
Is the fourth queen my king?
That's when
I have to eat you well